###I have failed at blogging
  Now the blog itself wasn't *really* a failure. ASCII, Dice, and Why was a good blog and has a number of interesting posts on it. The problem is it has three different audiences. It was about roguelikes, programming, and roleplaying which tended towards the old school. The first two had overlap as I am working on programming a roguelike but the last doesn't fit. I could probably pick it back up but I would like to refocus it on roleplaying and I am not as far into that anymore though I do still love it. So yeah, this is my programming blog.

  I have been approuching the end of the line with my college for a while now. If there is one thing I have been seeing and been told on numerous programming blogs, podcasts, and such is that the type of job I want will be a lot easier to get if I have two things. First is of course a backlog of projects, preferabbly on github as well as with contributions to opensource projects. That is being worked on and not entirely unrelated to this blog but then we get to the second thing. Thats have a blog. It doesn't have to be popular, it just have to exist and be updated semi regularly. It shows that not only do you know what your blogging about but it shows you into to it. Have you yet to read a blog where the person *hated* what they where talking about? I am willing to bet that even if you did it was very obvious. This is my blog to show that I love what I do and want to share it with you.

##Of course that is very selfish
  That isn't the point of this blog though. While I would like to use this to leverage my self into a good job thats not why I am doing the blog. I had a blog about all these different things I was interested in even before I knew about this. This will probably be the least informative post on the blog barring my deciding to post something stupid for april fools day or something. Let me lay out why I am doing this for you.

  I spent the last couple weeks trying to learn SDL2 for C++. I was bashing my head against Lazy Foo's tutorials for it because the one for SDL was really good. Now mind you, his tutorial isn't bad. There are people who will very much be able to learn what they need to learn from it. Problem was it wasn't setup right for me. I found a tutorial within the last couple days that was right for me. TwinklebearDev has a tutorial for SDL2 which just fit right with what I wanted to learn. I will be doing a post later about it. I still have to finish some self learning and modification of the code I ended up with from it.

  What does this have to do with this blog you ask? It has everything to do with it. I want to give back what I have gotten and moreso. A really good way to look at it I heard from a podcast I have been listening too recently. The podcast Giant Robots Crashing into other Giant Robots encourages people to start their own blog about what they do even if it is stupidly simple. The reason for this is that while you know it now that you have learned it the you a week ago would have loved to know what you know now. This blog is for you out there who don't know yet.

Here is to learning because the moment I stop learning is the moment I am dead.